Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on their space station. From here, you just might be able to subvert Commander Lambda's plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Next time Bunny HQ needs someone to infiltrate a space station to rescue bunny workers, you're going to tell them to make sure 'stay up for 48 hours straight scrubbing toilets' is part of the job description. It's only fair to warn people, after all.

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted. Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

The latest gossip in the henchman breakroom is that "LAMBCHOP" stands for "Lambda's Anti-Matter Biofuel Collision Hadron Oxidating Potentiator". You're pretty sure it runs on diesel, not biofuel, but you can at least give the commander credit for trying.

You got the bunny trainers to teach you a card game today, it's called Fizzbin. It's kind of pointless, but they seem to like it and it helps you pass the time while you work your way up to Commander Lambda's inner circle.

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that you've been promoted to personal assistant. You'll be helping the Commander directly, which means you'll have access to all of Lambda's files -- including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander Lambda's personal assistant, but you have to say, the personal spa and private hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.

Who the heck puts clover and coffee creamer in their tea? Commander Lambda, apparently. When you signed up to infiltrate the organization you didn't think you'd get such an up-close and personal look at these more... unusual tastes.

As Commander Lambda's personal assistant, you get to deal with all of the paperwork involved in running a space station big enough to house the LAMBCHOP. And you thought Bunny HQ had too much bureaucracy...

Excellent! You've destroyed Commander Lambda's doomsday device and saved Bunny Planet! But there's one small problem: the LAMBCHOP was a wool-y important part of the space station, and when you blew it up, you triggered a chain reaction that's tearing the station apart. Can you rescue the bunny workers and escape before the entire thing explodes?

There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander Lambda's personal assistant, but you have to say, the personal spa and private hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.

It's a good thing bunnies are relatively small and light. You're pretty sure they're packing the escape pods well past the legal maximum occupancy.

Oh no! You escaped Commander Lambda's exploding space station -- but so did the Commander, and Lambda is definitely not happy with you. Lambda is chasing you in a heavily-armed starfighter, while you and the bunny workers are stuck in these lumbering escape pods. It'll take all your wits and cleverness to escape such a hare-y situation, so you'd better hop to it!

Your planned escape route - and your backup route, and your extra-backup route - have all been blocked by debris from the space station or Commander Lambda's starfighters. Your only remaining option is to try deep space, and to boldly go where no bunny has gone before.

With one last roar of the escape pod's engines, you and your bunny companions jump to lightspeed. Congratulations! You've destroyed the LAMBCHOP, relieved the bunnies, gotten Commander Lambda off your tail, and saved the galaxy. Time for a little rest and relaxation back on Bunny Planet. Pat yourself on the back -- you've earned it!
